capital = 330

oob = "MON_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	basic_train = 1
	
	sov_light_tank_1 = 1
	sov_bt_tank_1 = 1
	sov_bt_tank_2 = 1
	sov_heavy_tank_1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	MON_collectivisation_1
	MON_nomad_1
}

set_variable = { mon_poster_center_icon_frame = 1 }

set_convoys = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 60
	neutrality = 40
}

recruit_character = MON_khorloogiin_choibalsan
recruit_character = MON_tong_shangzhi
recruit_character = MON_oboi_kangan
recruit_character = MON_zhao_shangzhi
recruit_character = MON_dansrabilegyin_dogsam
recruit_character = MON_yundunwangcug
recruit_character = MON_pai_yun_ti
recruit_character = MON_horloogiyn_choybalsan
recruit_character = MON_olziytrygyn_badrak
recruit_character = MON_gomgchigryn_bumtsend
recruit_character = MON_sukhbaataryn_yanjmaa
recruit_character = MON_vg_pyrselov
recruit_character = MON_dashdorj
recruit_character = MON_lee_shou_hsin
recruit_character = MON_chimid
recruit_character = MON_buyannmeh
recruit_character = MON_haidav
recruit_character = MON_dagva
recruit_character = MON_ganbaatar
recruit_character = MON_ulanhu
recruit_character = MON_khan
