capital = 3

oob = "SWI_1936"

set_research_slots = 0

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

##### Characters for both
recruit_character = SWI_federal_assembly 
recruit_character = SWI_max_leo_keller
recruit_character = SWI_fritz_platten
recruit_character = SWI_henri_guisan
recruit_character = SWI_hans_oehler
recruit_character = SWI_etienne_primault
recruit_character = SWI_hermann_hessel_lorenz
recruit_character = SWI_carl_jacob_burckhardt
recruit_character = SWI_johannes_baumann
recruit_character = SWI_roger_masson
recruit_character = SWI_giuseppe_motta
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_wetter
recruit_character = SWI_ernest_beuin
recruit_character = SWI_j_d_de_montenach
recruit_character = SWI_jean_de_muralt
recruit_character = SWI_werner_jenni
recruit_character = SWI_eugen_bircher
recruit_character = SWI_oskar_bider
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_laur
recruit_character = SWI_johann_august_sutter
recruit_character = SWI_hans_peter_bichsel_sohn
recruit_character = SWI_rene_von_graffenried
recruit_character = SWI_federal_council
recruit_character = SWI_albert_meyer
recruit_character = SWI_herman_obrecht
recruit_character = SWI_karl_kobelt
recruit_character = SWI_max_petitpierre
recruit_character = SWI_marcel_pilet_golaz
recruit_character = SWI_walther_stampfli
recruit_character = SWI_walter_stucki
recruit_character = SWI_eduard_von_steiger
recruit_character = SWI_friedrich_wahlen
recruit_character = SWI_rudolf_minger
recruit_character = SWI_walter_allgower
recruit_character = SWI_august_lindt
recruit_character = SWI_carl_stucki
recruit_character = SWI_saly_mayer
recruit_character = SWI_philip_etter
recruit_character = SWI_enrico_celio
recruit_character = SWI_robert_eibel
recruit_character = SWI_ernst_nobs
recruit_character = SWI_robert_grimm
recruit_character = SWI_hans_oprecht
recruit_character = SWI_max_weber
recruit_character = SWI_adolf_brunner
recruit_character = SWI_jakob_schaffner
recruit_character = SWI_robert_tobler
recruit_character = SWI_rolf_henne
recruit_character = SWI_franz_riedweg
recruit_character = SWI_benno_schaeppi
recruit_character = SWI_hans_hausamann
recruit_character = SWI_max_waibel
recruit_character = SWI_jakob_labhart
recruit_character = SWI_jakob_huber
recruit_character = SWI_georg_von_trapp
recruit_character = SWI_empty_councilor_seat
recruit_character = SWI_adolf_furrer
recruit_character = SWI_clara_thalmann
recruit_character = SWI_christian_gasser
recruit_character = SWI_lucien_tronchet

	####### Militarry Readiness Setup

	set_variable = { SWI_mr_lowest_amount = 10 }
	set_variable = { SWI_mr_low_amount = 15	}
	set_variable = { SWI_mr_low_medium_amount = 20 }	
	set_variable = { SWI_mr_medium_amount = 30 }
	set_variable = { SWI_mr_high_medium_amount = 45	}
	set_variable = { SWI_mr_high_amount = 60 }
	set_variable = { SWI_mr_max_amount = 75 }	
	set_variable = { SWI_military_readiness = SWI_mr_low_amount }	
	set_variable = { SWI_max_mil_readiness = 100 }
	set_variable = { SWI_militia_activation_time = 5 }
	set_variable = { SWI_min_mil_readiness = 60 }
	set_variable = { SWI_militia_division_cap = 15 }  
	set_variable = { SWI_max_militia_division_cap = 90 }
	set_variable = { SWI_militia_cap_increase = 5 }
	clamp_variable = {
		var = SWI_military_readiness
		min = SWI_min_mil_readiness 
		max = SWI_max_mil_readiness
	}

		#Active Militia Stuff
	set_variable = { SWI_citizen_militia_initial_industrial_capacity_factory = -0.1 }
	set_variable = { SWI_citizen_militia_initial_industrial_capacity_dockyard = -0.1 }
	set_variable = { SWI_citizen_militia_initial_production_speed_buildings_factor = -0.1 }
	set_variable = { SWI_citizen_militia_initial_civ_factory_use = 1 }
	set_variable = { SWI_citizen_militia_initial_activation_timeout = 30 }
	set_variable = { SWI_citizen_militia_initial_training_time_factor = 0.1 }
	set_variable = { SWI_citizen_militia_modifier_change = 0.1 }

	#SWI_reset_citizen_militia_active_modifier = yes

	set_variable = { SWI_citizen_militia_activation_timeout = SWI_citizen_militia_initial_activation_timeout }

	########### BoP Council/Cantons  ##################

	set_variable = { SWI_diplomatic_effort_cost = 30 } 

	##### Absolute Neutrality Variables #####

	set_variable = { SWI_small_opinion_change = 10 }
	set_variable = { SWI_medium_opinion_change = 20 }
	set_variable = { SWI_large_opinion_change = 30 }

	set_variable = { SWI_dangerous_opinion = -75 }
	set_variable = { SWI_terrible_opinion = -35 }
	set_variable = { SWI_bad_opinion = -15 }
	set_variable = { SWI_neutral_opinion = 10 }
	set_variable = { SWI_good_opinion = 25 }
	set_variable = { SWI_excellent_opinion = 55 }
	set_variable = { SWI_safe_opinion = 100 }
	set_variable = { SWI_time_to_appease_angry_country = 60 }
	set_variable = { SWI_angry_threshold = -85 }
	set_variable = { SWI_no_longer_angry_threshold = SWI_terrible_opinion }
	
	#Gold Trade
	set_variable = { SWI_max_gold_trade = 6 }
	set_variable = { SWI_max_country_gold_trading_level = 3 }
	set_variable = { SWI_gold_trade_consumer_goods_factor_increase = -0.025 } 
	set_variable = { SWI_gold_trade_building_speed_factor_increase = 0.05 } 
	set_variable = { SWI_gold_trade_research_speed_factor_increase = 0.01 } 
	set_variable = { SWI_gold_trade_lack_of_resoruce_penalty_factor_increase = -0.05 } 
	set_variable = { SWI_gold_trade_factory_max_efficiency_factor_increase = 0.025 } 

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100

	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort

	oob = "SWI_1939"
	set_technology = {
		fighter1 = 1
		gw_artillery = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1935.10.27"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 96
	fascism = 2
	communism = 2
}

1939.1.1 = {
	#next election october 39
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 95
		fascism = 2
		communism = 3
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	neutrality_idea
	neutrality_idea2
	limited_conscription
}

set_stability = 0.85
